To read the program, start with specificFileGen.m. specificFileGen.m takes four arguments: the directory of all the script, the directory to store output, the directory of simulation parameters, and the number of CPUs you want to distribute the workload of multiple simulations. 

The three directories do not have to be different, but I recommend using separate directories because the simulation will produce many output files. specificFileGen reads specific_parameters_MC.txt from the directory of simulation parameters, uses bundle.m to extract simulation conditions, and distributes workload through runBundle.m

Inside runBundle, MC_var_exp_plus_evo_biased.m is called to run simulation based on the given simulation conditions. MC_var_exp_plus_evo_biased.m also outputs the result of simulations. The rest of the scripts are called by MC_var_exp_plus_evo_biased. 

To run simulations, specify the simulation conditions in specific_parameters_MC.txt (do not change the name of this file) and put specific_paramters_MC.txt under the directory of simulation parameters. If the simulation starts successfully, you should first see files with names such as p1, p2 under the directory of output. Each line in these files is a simulation condition extracted by bundle.m from specific_parameters_MS.txt. Each of these files is used by a CPU (therefore, the number of these files should equal to the number CPUs requested), and may contain multiple lines of parameters. 
Then, you should see files have names like parameters100000x600_rep1 under the same directory. The three numbers represent population size, number of loci, and replicate id. The number of these files should equal to the number of CPUs requested in specificFileGen. These files are produced by MC_var_exp_plus_evo_biased and indicate the given parameters have been successfully taken by the simulation. From this point, no more files will be produced until one simulation is finished.   
